
1. Nature of Web applocation and Website. Compare and Contrast the two.
A website a general term for any site in the web and a web application is an
example of website.
Web applications are the types of website that are interactive and performing
business functions.

2. What are the components of Web application and Website?
Like how defined web applications and website, web applications performs sets
of business functions and enables users to have interaction with its pages.

3. Research about progressive and responsive website/web app.
Responsive websites are the websites that are compatible to any device,
particularly to the interface components such as layouts, text, and images.
Progressive websites are the websites with responsive capability and also
take advantage to the features enabled in the website such as Clipboard access, 
Accessing the filesystem and Hardware-accelerated 2D/3D graphics via HTML5 
Canvas or WebGL

4. BG of the study (About PESO)

-Existence
The Public Employment Service Office or PESO is a non-fee charging 
multi-employment service facility or entity established or accredited pursuant 
to Republic Act No. 8759 otherwise known as the PESO Act of 1999.
Created by Executive Order No. 4 on February 9, 1989, the Industrial 
Relations Office (IRO) is mandated "to develop and enhance the cooperation 
and understanding between management and labor towards industrial peace 
in Quezon City."
This original mandate was broadened to include the promotion and sustenance 
of the City's Employment Program when, in September 3, 1992, the City 
Government signed a pertinent Memorandum of Agreement with the 
Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE). Thus, the City's Public 
Employment Service Office (PESO) was born.

-Services offered
* Referrals for Local and Overseas Employment
- Tulong Alalay sa Taong May Kapansanan (TULAY 2000)
- Rural Works Program
* Recruitment Assistance for Employers
- Processing, recruitment and matching of the skills and qualifications of persons with disabilities (PWDs) with the manpower requirements of prospective employers
* Employment Information and Guidance Services
- Work Appreciation Program
- Special Program for Employment of Students
- Vocational and Career Guidance Program
* Job Fairs

5. Existing System
Manual transactions with macro-based program within MS Access.

6. Difficulties of the current system
No user level in the program they are using
Data record redundancy
Prone to data corruption and loss
Inconsistency in records
Prone to data breach
Too much time consuming transactions
No monitoring of successful hires
No web portal for available jobs and other important news and events
No Interaction with applicants after referral
No audit trail in the program
No central record for PESO and Establishments for job applications


7. Proponents solutions to the said problems.
Create Web portal for PESO that will show job vacancies and updates.
Create Web application for back office transactions
Use secured database management software



8. Specific Objectives.

9. Scope and Delimitation (Optional?)


10. Others

-Wear Smart Casual (or Anything that would look the student smart)
-In QnA, consider attitude and use polite words.
-Be willing to accept suggestions
-Food for panel
-Research about other org similar to PESO








White Tshirt + Suit / Jacket

